plugins/modules/purefa_alert.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_arrayname.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_banner.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_connect.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_dns.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_dns.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/purefa_ds.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_ds.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/purefa_dsrole.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_dsrole.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/purefa_hg.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_hg.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/purefa_host.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_host.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/purefa_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/purefa_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/purefa_ntp.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_ntp.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/purefa_offload.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_pg.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_pg.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/purefa_pgsnap.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_pgsnap.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/purefa_phonehome.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_ra.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_smtp.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_snap.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_snmp.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_syslog.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_user.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_vg.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_volume.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/purefa_volume.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown